[Music]
thank you
so I've been on the internet for a long
time and most of it
at least where I hang out pretty
reasonable which is great but you know
there are some tucked away in the
corners every once in a while that do
have some pretty controversial opinions
things that they actually believe in
some hot takes that are guaranteed to
ruffle some feathers
but sometimes there is some truth to
them so today I've gathered some of the
hottest takes from around the internet
from you guys and we're gonna see
they're actually good takes or not also
I need to thank Jimmy hyrueller for the
concept for this video if you haven't
already seen his channel he does a lot
of basketball videos including reacting
to NBA hot takes they're incredible so
if you somehow if you're interested in
basketball and somehow haven't seen this
channel already I'll link it below but
uh let's get into some tech hot takes so
here's a hot take Tesla cyber truck will
outsell the Ford F-150 by 2026 and this
well this is a hot one so the Cyber
truck the Cyber truck is one of the most
hyped vehicles in a long time as long as
I've been alive certainly the most hyped
EV you know the numbers speak for
themselves but now they're actually
being spotted around the roads around
Tesla headquarters and it seems like
they're finishing up details of
manufacturing and design and they may be
about to finally go into production with
this thing now the hot take is that
it'll outsell the F-150 in three years
because the F-150 as you may already
know is very popular but the thing is
I don't know if you thought about this
is you're typing it I don't know if you
realize how popular the F-150 actually
is the Ford F-150 has been America's
best-selling truck for 46 years in a row
actually it's been the number one most
popular vehicle for 41 years straight
last year Ford sold one of these trucks
every 49 seconds and it typically totals
anywhere from 600 000 to just under a
million of these things every single
calendar year so yeah the Cyber truck
very hyped and there are allegedly
somewhere in the neighborhood of one and
a half million pre-orders which is crazy
for a vehicle that's not even out yet
that only a handful of people have even
seen with their eyes but a couple of
things first of all those pre-orders are
deposits I know that because I'm one of
them I think they're actually hundred
dollar refundable deposits the point
being one and a half million pre-orders
does not not equal one and a half
million sales it's just it's just that
many people have reserved their spot in
line and some fraction of them will
convert to orders but it won't be a
hundred percent and Tesla knows that but
then number two you can't just build
them all at once you have to ramp up
into production we've seen this with
other models before so you know they'll
start off small a couple dozen one week
then a hundred the next week then 500
the next week and they'll have to ramp
up it'll take a while to get through the
first million easily well over a year
like at this very moment Tesla doesn't
even have the capacity to make a million
model threes let alone a million of
something they've never made before so
you know we could we could be optimistic
about the manufacturing process but it
is it's going to be tough to get to a
million of these things sold and
dethroning the King by 2026. so I love
the optimism about that cyber truck
possibly being one of the most
disruptive vehicles ever maybe could
happen but it's going to take a little
more time than that
bad take all right here's another one
that Apple Maps is now better than
Google Maps and this is this is a
interesting take do you remember when
Apple Maps first came out like all the
the horror stories the articles that all
came out how bad it was there were
entire towns missing there were places
that were just in the wrong spot it was
getting people lost driving them into
water it was it was missing a ton of
features it was so bad that Tim Cook the
CEO had to issue an apology but
a lot of things have changed since then
basically I mean having a good maps app
requires a lot of mapping data so
they've been plugging away at that since
that launch of course all the street
view data the correct location data
businesses public transportation
different actual routes real-time
traffic all that stuff they've improved
dramatically at all of that plus they've
actually started adding some genuinely
cool features on top of it I can
actually vouch that if you look at
Google Street View and apple map Street
View in the same location nine times out
of ten the Apple Maps one is actually
higher quality and smoother and looks
better it's easier to navigate I also
think Apple Maps is generally better
designed it's just a little better
looking than Google Maps and as of the
latest IOS 17 beta it's actually finally
getting one of the biggest features that
was missing which is downloading maps
for offline finally I'm not ready to say
that Apple Maps is better than Google
Maps yet I mean espe actually because
first of all it's multi-platform it's
just so much more available and then the
decades-long Head Start that Google's
had in mapping and gathering information
in the most obscure parts of the world
like it's going to take some time for
Apple to continue to catch up with that
but I will say that it's at least
caught up to Google Maps they're on the
same level they're actually competitors
which is good because now they compete
to try to get better and for certain
people in some places sometimes it's
just as good if not better than Google
Maps there I said it
I said it
it's a good take the Magic Mouse is the
best Mouse
for the Mac
you know y'all are really pushing this
one I
let's just ignore the take for a second
and just talk about them how does the
Magic Mouse exist like how is this the
best mouse that Apple the world's
richest three trillion dollar company
could come up with well over billions of
dollars of research and development
dollars and the best designers in the
world and all the testing and
optimizations and strategy on the planet
this is the best mouse that they could
come up with seriously sorry I should I
should be more objective here what makes
a good Mouse
zoom out a little bit good design good
performance good features good price
the best Mouse cannot have a fatal flaw
in more than one of these fundamental
categories and we all know about the
fact that the only way to charge it is a
lightning port and they put that port at
the bottom of the mouse so you literally
can't even use it while you're waiting
for it to charge it might only happen
once a month but that's more than it
should ever happen but on top of that
it's also terrible ergonomically I mean
there's a reason why all the other best
mice in the world have an arch to rest
your hand but look older is a smart guy
I don't think he's trolling this is not
a completely empty take
the reason why people genuinely feel
this way about the Magic Mouse is
because Apple has done to this accessory
what they've done to every other
accessory that they possibly can in
their Universe which is making it
impossible to make a better one than the
apple one like you literally cannot make
a better smart watch for the iPhone
because you'll never get as much access
to the data and the integration that
Apple gives its own watch you can
literally never make headphones that
pair more fluidly and switch more easily
than Apple's own airpods and the Magic
Mouse
well the Magic Mouse has smooth
scrolling literally the best and only
good feature about the Magic Mouse is
that it has really smooth scrolling end
gestures so you can scroll up and down
with one finger and it just flows with
the inertia of a touch screen like you
can toss web pages and apps around and
catch them with this smooth scrolling
you can two finger swipe between spaces
you can zoom in and out of things it's
just so smooth just like a mouse should
be and every single other Mouse for Mac
Scrolls in jittery chunks basically
because they literally have to just pick
an integer for how many lines they want
to scroll with every unit scrolled on
the scroll wheel it's just night and day
difference there's just no way for it to
be as smooth now this is also true about
the magic Trackpad which is actually why
I literally use one on my desk alongside
a good Mouse and I know plenty of people
who just use a trackpad and no mouse at
all so if you list if you really listen
to people who defend the Magic Mouse
you'll typically hear something along
the lines of well except for insert
giant flaw here it's a great Mouse and
except for comfortableness it's it's
amazing except for the whole charging on
the bottom thing which you only do once
in a while it's great
that's a pretty big thing for a mouse I
mean there's really not much that they
have to get right the Apple the Magic
Mouse is one of the most frustrating
Apple products
because it just it could be so good that
it they could with their trillions of
dollars they could just hire a building
full of the best Mouse designers on the
planet they could they could buy
whatever people they want to design the
most incredible Mouse mankind has ever
seen and it could have smooth scrolling
but they don't do it
they don't do it
I knew this was coming
it's a bad take tensor sucks and Google
should have stuck with Snapdragon I I
can get behind half of this take not the
whole thing but I can get behind half of
this tensor
Is Not Great you know like two years ago
Google made this bold choice to move
from Qualcomm Snapdragon chips in their
phones to their own custom designed
tensor chip that's actually built by
Samsung and the idea was to be able to
dedicate certain parts of the chip to
certain functions whether AI related or
just you know specific to the phone
speech to text things like that we are
two generations in now so we're at
tensor G2 in the pixel and they have
relatively weak raw performance
and they also don't have great battery
life and they're not very efficient so I
get why people say tensor sucks but
I don't think they should have stuck
with Snapdragon I still think there's
time I still think in two or three
generations even they could get to the
point where they have such good
optimization and such good calibration
with exactly what they want to do with
these chips that they'll be the most
efficient best battery life best
experience something that they could
never have created by just buying an
off-the-shelf bunch of Snapdragon ships
so I think today like if today they
literally offered a Snapdragon Google
pixel with a Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 and a
tensor G2 I think today I would pick the
Snapdragon one but I don't think they
should just give up on the tensor dream
okay take all right beats R and have
always been very good often people
pretend that sound isn't incredibly
subjective a natural audiophilic sound
is always less enjoyable and more
jarring outside of pro referencing you
know
you bring up a really good point
audio is subjective audio is definitely
subjective now back in the days of uh
making fun of Beats headphones for being
overpriced garbage sounding plastic
there was always uh a little a little
kernel of Truth Underneath It All which
is that people still bought beats all
the time and enjoyed them and I always
found that fascinating that you could
literally tell people that there there's
another pair of headphones out there
that sounds better for half the money
and people in that world where it seems
like a totally straightforward choice
they would still pick the beats and love
them and recommend them and the truth is
like yeah for most people if you just
give them like their their first pair of
nice headphones their first pair of
expensive headphones and they've got
this nice v-shaped equalizer a big
thumping bass and they're not really
thinking too hard about it being nice
and flat and a nice professional sound
they're going to be impressed it's going
to sound really exciting and interesting
for most music listening which is what
people are doing with Beats headphones
it's great it's fine like audio is it
really is one of the most subjective
things in all of the tech world and
there are tons of reviews and studies
out there with countless examples of
this it kind of feels like the only
trait in audio that people universally
find impressive is just loudness just
higher volume but kind of across the
board anyone can kind of enjoy any sound
signature and generally headphones these
days are good enough to have an EQ and
be able to sound differently based on
different types of music and movies and
whatever you're doing now all that being
said I don't think I could still say
that beats have always been very good I
they've at some point in the past they
were definitely a much more expensive
cheaply built version of the average
headphones you could kind of just get
anywhere else but the marketing team
has always been very good that has
always been good so I think yeah decent
headphones today
decent take also side note I continue to
be so fascinated by the behavior of them
as a company like beats since they've
been purchased by Apple and the newest
pair of Beats by Dre Studio Pro
headphones are the latest example of
that let me know if you guys are
interested in a video about these things
by hitting that like button either way
this has been really fun I think we
should do this again sometime for sure
not doing that one uh so leave your hot
takes I say leave them in the comments
section below and I'll sort of comb
through those it's not even
mathematically correct and I'll come
through those and I'll find the best
ones and we'll do another tech hot takes
video in the future have you read my
shirt this entire video and I think
that'll be really fun just make sure
they're a little more varied and
different from this past one I hate this
I hate this one